{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You made this app for me but i need some adjustment:\
-When I scroll to the right on the pills before the volume trend, and I press the more button I want that \'93customize stats\'94 check list to save like the \'93save data\'94 button so it stay the same from session to session. Example if only check \'93total volume and \'93this month\'94 I want next time I open the app to only have those two check next time I open app. - When in light mode the colours look weird with a white background. Must be cause they made for black background. The dominant colours is yellow in dark mode make it a shade of blue that looks fine with white background and adapt all the others colours to that change so it looks good. In this explication Im including the text colours and graph colour. - When I save to localstorage with the button I want just bellow the button to say the date and time I last saved. If I load from localstorage and it\'92s not from empty session I want to see the date and time of the last saved date and time too. I want that si im able to know when that data was saved and update the date when I just saved so I know I saved successfully. - on workouts, just bellow the volume trend graph, I want to see maximum 5 at a time from that list. Just bellow the list maybe have so I can click on something like \'93show 5 more\'94 to show 5 more. - on exercises bellow the workouts list when I click on an exercise pill and it scroll to the bottom to show the data. It says the date and the volume for each but if there is no weight data instead of seing \'930\'94 show how many reps I\'92ve done or if there is no reps too use the duration.\
}